Centralize deprecations with date (#114)
snugnug/hjem-rum: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

[documentation on reviewing PRs]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/reviewing-proposed-changes-in-a-pull-request
[Core Principles]: #core-principles
[REVIEWING.md]: ./REVIEWING.md

> [modules/deprecations.nix]: ./modules/deprecations.nix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[deprecations.nix]: ./modules/collection/deprecations.nix
```

custom function `attrsNamesHasPrefix` is under `attrsets` to signify that it
operates on an attrset, just like in nixpkgs.

### Deprecating options

Sometimes, you will have to deprecate an option (if it was renamed or removed).
This is done within `[deprecations.nix]`, and needs to be centralized there.

Additionally, we require deprecations to be given a date, which you can do with
the `mkRenamedOptionUntil` option, which takes the same parameters as
`mkRenamedOption` as well as an [ISO 8601] date which is added to the warning
message.

The baseline for deprecations is 3 months from when the PR was made, but this
can be made longer if needed (eg. for a widely used/critical option).

> 

Reviewer: Add something on removing options here, too.

custom function `attrsNamesHasPrefix` is under `attrsets` to signify that it
operates on an attrset, just like in nixpkgs.

### Deprecating options

> Sometimes, you will have to deprecate an option (if it was renamed for any
> reason (eg. as to fit our API better), if it was removed...). This is done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you will have to deprecate an option (if it was renamed
or removed). This is done
```

> within [modules/deprecations.nix], and needs to be centralized there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within `[deprecations.nix]`, and needs to be centralized there.
```
